docs/Info.md, before:

# Info & miscellaneous

There are some commands which are not used very often but are **pretty useful anyways**.  
These are listed here.

## Info Commands

Commands which display **general information** about specific stuff.

### General info commands
* To get a **more-compressed** way of a list of commands, use `+help`.
* To check if the bot is online, or if it **responds** in general, do `+ping`.  
* In order to get the **invite-link** once more, do `+invite`
* To check the current **voice-connections, servers, users** and **much more**, do `+stats`.

##### Advanced info commands
* To check the **usage** of all **clusters**, as well as the cluster your server is on, use `+clusterinfo`.
* To check the **usage** of Vexeras **voice-nodes**, use `+nodeinfo`.
* To check if Vexera currently has any **offline** voice-nodes, clusters or shards, use `+health`.

### Premium
You have some **premium info commands** too:  

* You can get more **info** about premium by using `+premium`.  
* To check the currenly set **premium messages** or set your own, do `+donators [text]`. Your text will be displayed on top if you're pledge on Patreon is **higher** than the ones displayed.
* To transfer your **Patreon** subscription to another user, do `+tranfer <ID/Mention>`.
* To check yours or the **premium status** of another user, do `+status <ID/Mention>`.
* You have won or bought a premium key? You can **redeem** it by using `+redeem <key>`.

## Miscellanous-Commands

There are some commands which can be **pretty helpful** sometimes.

### Checking invites
You can check the **amount of people a user has invited** using invites which are *still active*.  
Invites which have been deleted are not included in this value. To use the command, do `+invites <ID/Mention>.`

### Server & Userinfo
To get some useful *information about a user*, do `+userinfo <ID/Mention>`.  
To get the same, but for the server, do `+serverinfo`

### Botlist
To check the currently *leading bots* of Discord by the servercount, do `+botlist [page]`.  
This will use *Carbonitex* as the source.

### Wolfram
Want a **fast answer to a question**? Wolfram is for you!  
Wolfram can tell you nearly everything you want to know, try out some stuff like `+wolfram sqrt(9)` or `+wolfram capital of canada`.

Commit message:

Add +logo in Info.md

docs/Info.md, after:

# Info & miscellaneous

There are some commands which are not used very often but are **pretty useful anyways**.  
These are listed here.

## Info Commands

Commands which display **general information** about specific stuff.

### General info commands
* To get a **more-compressed** way of a list of commands, use `+help`.
* To check if the bot is online, or if it **responds** in general, do `+ping`.  
* In order to get the **invite-link** once more, do `+invite`
* To check the current **voice-connections, servers, users** and **much more**, do `+stats`.

##### Advanced info commands
* To check the **usage** of all **clusters**, as well as the cluster your server is on, use `+clusterinfo`.
* To check the **usage** of Vexeras **voice-nodes**, use `+nodeinfo`.
* To check if Vexera currently has any **offline** voice-nodes, clusters or shards, use `+health`.

### Premium
You have some **premium info commands** too:  

* You can get more **info** about premium by using `+premium`.  
* To check the currenly set **premium messages** or set your own, do `+donators [text]`. Your text will be displayed on top if you're pledge on Patreon is **higher** than the ones displayed.
* To transfer your **Patreon** subscription to another user, do `+tranfer <ID/Mention>`.
* To check yours or the **premium status** of another user, do `+status <ID/Mention>`.
* You have won or bought a premium key? You can **redeem** it by using `+redeem <key>`.

## Miscellanous-Commands

There are some commands which can be **pretty helpful** sometimes.

### Checking invites
You can check the **amount of people a user has invited** using invites which are *still active*.  
Invites which have been deleted are not included in this value. To use the command, do `+invites <ID/Mention>.`

### Server & Userinfo
To get some useful *information about a user*, do `+userinfo <ID/Mention>`.  
To get the same, but for the server, do `+serverinfo`

### Wolfram
Want a **fast answer to a question**? Wolfram is for you!  
Wolfram can tell you nearly everything you want to know, try out some stuff like `+wolfram sqrt(9)` or `+wolfram capital of canada`.

### Logo
Want to get your own Vexera-logo? We have an API for that!

Command | First Line | Second Line | Output
------ | ---------- | ----------- | ------
+logo | Vexera | is awesome! | ![alt text](https://paste.vexera.io/65ff25.png)

### Botlist
To check the currently *leading bots* of Discord by the servercount, do `+botlist [page]`.  
This will use *Carbonitex* as the source.
