docs/Music.md, before:

# Music
Vexera provides a **feature-rich music system** so you can **play music** in the voice channels of your Discord server and enjoy music *alone* or with *friends*.

## Getting started with music

1. Join a voice channel in a server, which you have <a href="/invite">Vexera</a> in.
2. Use the command `+play <songname/url>` e.g `!play marble soda`
3. Vexera will join the voice channel and start playing your music.
4. Queue up additional music using `+play`!

### Searching a song
If Vexera adds an incorrect song to the queue, you can either copy the song's URL and `+play` it, or you try to use `+search <query>` to be able to select a song out of the first five YouTube results. Just write the number of the wished song after issuing the command.  

### Music sources
Vexera can play music from YouTube, SoundCloud, Bandcamp, Twitch, Vimeo and Mixer. With Vexera Premium you are able to play a song from a custom url, for example `+play https://example.com/files/BrainPower.mp3`.

## Viewing the queue

You can view the queue by running `+queue`. If your queue has multiple pages, you can view them by doing `+queue <page>`.<br/>
The queue can hold up to 2000 songs. If you have reached this limit you may want to clear the queue by doing `+clear`.<br/>
If you want to get some information about the currently playing song, run `+np`.

### Advanced queue control

1. If you want to **randomize** the current song order, you may feel free to run `+shuffle` to shuffle all songs, which are currently in the queue.
2. You are tired of using `+play` to replay a song over and over again? You can either use `+repeat one` to **repeat** the currently playing song or `+repeat all` to repeat the whole queue. To disable that, do `+repeat off`.
3. You added a *wrong song* to your queue? Check the queue ID in `+queue` and do `+delete <queue-ID>` to **delete** the specific song.
4. You want to play the *last played* song once **again**? Use `+back` for doing that. 
5. You want to get to a **specific point** in the queue? Check the queue ID in `+queue` and use `+jump <queue-ID>` to start playing that song!
6. You want to play something while the queue is empty? Using `+autoplay`, you can make the bot play a file, a playlist or a livestreeam while the queue is empty!
## Stopping music

To stop Vexera from playing music and disconnecting it from the channel, you may want to run `+stop` at any time. This will not clear the queue!

### Resuming after `+stop`
You can either use `+join` to summon Vexera into the currently connected channel or `+play <songname/url>` something to resume the queue after the bot has been stopped.

## Pausing / Resuming music

If you don't want the bot to disconnect from your channel, but be paused for a while, use `+pause` to pause the currently playing song. If you want Vexera to continue playing, use `+resume` to resume the song.

## Skipping music

Users can skip music by running `+skip`, if there are multiple users in the voice channel, it will initialize a voteskip. This can be overridden with the `music.forceskip` permission.

## Switching the voice node

Vexera uses the node, which it thinks suits best for you, but if you are experiencing bad streaming quality, you may want to switch the voice region manually by using `+join us` for the United States or `+join eu` for Europe. With Vexera Premium you are also able to run `+join premium` to connect to the premium node. This is the default node if you purchased premium.

## Managing dumps / playlists [Premium]

To create a playlist, which will copy the songs currently in the queue, use `+playlist create <name>`. To load the queue afterwards use `+playlist load <name>` and finally, to delete it use `+playlist delete <name>`.

### Sharing playlists
To share a playlist you created with `+playlist`, use `+playlist share <name>`. This will generate a *paste.vexera.io* link, which you can share with your friends. To play this dump, use `+play <url>`.

## Advanced music control

1. To get to a specific time in a song, use `+seek`, e.g. `+seek 2m10s` will resume playing from two minutes and ten seconds, this also works with hours.
2. With Vexera Premium you can control the volume of your currently playing song in Vexera's end by using `+volume <2-150>`.
3. To view the lyrics of the currently playing song, do `+lyrics`, if you want to get the lyrics of a specific song do `+lyrics <songname>`.

Commit message:

Added Spotify to Music.md

docs/Music.md, after:

# Music
Vexera provides a **feature-rich music system** so you can **play music** in the voice channels of your Discord server and enjoy music *alone* or with *friends*.

## Getting started with music

1. Join a voice channel in a server, which you have <a href="/invite">Vexera</a> in.
2. Use the command `+play <songname/url>` e.g `!play marble soda`
3. Vexera will join the voice channel and start playing your music.
4. Queue up additional music using `+play`!

### Searching a song
If Vexera adds an incorrect song to the queue, you can either copy the song's URL and `+play` it, or you try to use `+search <query>` to be able to select a song out of the first five YouTube results. Just write the number of the wished song after issuing the command.  

### Music sources
Vexera can play music from YouTube, Spotify, SoundCloud, Bandcamp, Twitch, Vimeo and Mixer. Spotify integration is only available with Vexera Premium. You can play singles, EPs and playlists. Please note that Spotify songs get played through YouTube and not through Spotify itself. You may hear a slightly or completely different version than expected. Additionally, albums are not yet supported but will be in the near future. As a Vexera Premium user you are also able to play a song from a custom url, for example `+play https://example.com/files/BrainPower.mp3`.

## Viewing the queue

You can view the queue by running `+queue`. If your queue has multiple pages, you can view them by doing `+queue <page>`.<br/>
The queue can hold up to 2000 songs. If you have reached this limit you may want to clear the queue by doing `+clear`.<br/>
If you want to get some information about the currently playing song, run `+np`.

### Advanced queue control

1. If you want to **randomize** the current song order, you may feel free to run `+shuffle` to shuffle all songs, which are currently in the queue.
2. You are tired of using `+play` to replay a song over and over again? You can either use `+repeat one` to **repeat** the currently playing song or `+repeat all` to repeat the whole queue. To disable that, do `+repeat off`.
3. You added a *wrong song* to your queue? Check the queue ID in `+queue` and do `+delete <queue-ID>` to **delete** the specific song.
4. You want to play the *last played* song once **again**? Use `+back` for doing that. 
5. You want to get to a **specific point** in the queue? Check the queue ID in `+queue` and use `+jump <queue-ID>` to start playing that song!
6. You want to play something while the queue is empty? Using `+autoplay`, you can make the bot play a file, a playlist or a livestreeam while the queue is empty!
## Stopping music

To stop Vexera from playing music and disconnecting it from the channel, you may want to run `+stop` at any time. This will not clear the queue!

### Resuming after `+stop`
You can either use `+join` to summon Vexera into the currently connected channel or `+play <songname/url>` something to resume the queue after the bot has been stopped.

## Pausing / Resuming music

If you don't want the bot to disconnect from your channel, but be paused for a while, use `+pause` to pause the currently playing song. If you want Vexera to continue playing, use `+resume` to resume the song.

## Skipping music

Users can skip music by running `+skip`, if there are multiple users in the voice channel, it will initialize a voteskip. This can be overridden with the `music.forceskip` permission.

## Switching the voice node

Vexera uses the node, which it thinks suits best for you, but if you are experiencing bad streaming quality, you may want to switch the voice region manually by using `+join us` for the United States or `+join eu` for Europe. With Vexera Premium you are also able to run `+join premium` to connect to the premium node. This is the default node if you purchased premium.

## Managing dumps / playlists [Premium]

To create a playlist, which will copy the songs currently in the queue, use `+playlist create <name>`. To load the queue afterwards use `+playlist load <name>` and finally, to delete it use `+playlist delete <name>`.

### Sharing playlists
To share a playlist you created with `+playlist`, use `+playlist share <name>`. This will generate a *paste.vexera.io* link, which you can share with your friends. To play this dump, use `+play <url>`.

## Advanced music control

1. To get to a specific time in a song, use `+seek`, e.g. `+seek 2m10s` will resume playing from two minutes and ten seconds, this also works with hours.
2. With Vexera Premium you can control the volume of your currently playing song in Vexera's end by using `+volume <2-150>`.
3. To view the lyrics of the currently playing song, do `+lyrics`, if you want to get the lyrics of a specific song do `+lyrics <songname>`.
